Hello friends, my name is Bina and you are
watching Vinay Tech. So today I am going to
tell you the full health
claim form of ICICI Lombard. If
you have health insurance and
want to file a claim, how can you file a health
claim? I am going to
tell you in full detail, so let's
start.
[Music]
So you can see here is the
health care claim form of ICICI Lombard,
hospital. Okay, and then view the health claim
form, hospitalization.
You will also have to fill in the fields by insured and insured
relative, the person in whose name the insurance is
or his relatives.
You will need to track the policy and the details of the
inspector. Okay, in the part time,
all this will have to be filled and in the part also, you
can see the full hospital and the
printing doctor who was
treating the patient. You will also have to fill in the part,
okay, you will track the hospital details and
treatment details related to the patient admission.
Okay, and in the part here, you can see the
sending number, card number, group
company number, claim number, all these.  You have to fill it out,
okay, for electronic fund transfer, you have to fill out the
bank account, okay, and part two only
[music]
and here you can see
what documents you have to submit,
you have to submit all these documents, the type
of document, you have to submit all these documents in original,
and which
documents you have to submit
in photocopies, you can see all this,
so you have to keep all these details
before filling this form, so let's
start filling the form, and here
you can see the ICC Lombard Help
Care Claim Form, the hospice part, you
also have to fill it out by the insured, whether he is admitted or
his relative, this will fill the form, okay, so
let's start filling the form, whether it is
hospital expenses or pre-post,
meaning before or after the disease,
okay, and whether it is cashless or not,
you have to fill in all this,
details of the insured person in respect
insurance and mediclaim, so here you have to
answer yes or no, okay,
if already  If you had any health insurance then
you have to click yes here,
if you did not have it then click on no,
if you have it then you have to
write the name of the company here which health
insurance it was, then the current residential
address here, whatever is your residential
address you have to write here, then
write the city, then write the state, then the pin code, then the
mobile number and if you have a landline then
write that here also, okay now you have to
give the email address and here in A3
you can see group and corporate
policy, if it is a group or corporate
policy, that means where you are working, if there is
any policy, then here you have to fill the member ID number,
then employee employee ID, all this,
if it is in a group then the group and company name,
whatever it is, has to be written here, if you have
taken more details of the policy then here
you can see the claim initiation
service request number, whatever it is, it is here,
you have to give it
from this renewal poll, if it is there then tick on yes, if it is
not there then you can tick on no, okay, it is
kindly mentioned  Previous policy number
If you have renewed then you have to
give the policy number of the last time here,
okay, name of D Prosper, relationship with D
Phosphorus, whatever the relationship is, you have to
write it here, okay, current policy
number has to be given, then card number and ID
number have to be given here, okay, then nature of
disease and lance contractor and injury,
journey from which inside, whatever it is, hospitalized,
you have to write it here, whatever it is
or for which injury you people were
admitted, you have to write it here, okay,
name of hospital is being admitted,
whichever hospital you are admitted in, you have to
write the name of that hospital here, category
occupied is care, single occupancy, you in, you in
selling, three and mode bed
for room, whatever it is, you have to write it here
or ideal, okay, then date of admission, the
date on which you people got admitted, then
time, at what time you were admitted, date
of discharge, similarly at this time you people got
discharged, okay, then date of injury
sustained and  Disease and Illness First
Detected, whatever it is, you have to
write it here, okay, date if injury gives how,
if you are admitted for injury, then it is
self-prepaid, it is self-inflicted or it is a road
traffic accident, okay, or
substance abuse or charcoal combination,
okay, tick here and then
if it is due to some other thing, then ideally you
can write it, okay, but keep in mind that in
substance abuse and alcohol combination
or self-inflicted, you do
not get claim here, okay, if
your case is medically legal, then
tick on yes, if it is not, then you
can click on no, if you are legal, then you have
reported here or not, then
you have to tick here and you have to attach report and
police, okay,
and whatever is system of medicine,
you have to write it here, okay, then you can do
other top up and additional policy, if you have
taken any additional policy  So tick yes here,
if you have not taken it then you can tick no,
okay, currently you are taking any other
Aadar Mediclaim and Health Insurance, if you have
taken any other Mediclaim Health Insurance, then you will have to fill all these
details here, date of comment of first
insurance without break, okay, here
you have to give the date of hospitalization
in the last 4 years, these all
details mean, were you ever
admitted for any disease four years ago, okay,
if yes then tick yes, if not then you can write no,
okay, if you write this then it is
okay, and the diagnosis is here,
for what thing you have to write, that is,
claim against this particular admission
date and attached bill with any Aadar Insurance
Company, if you have made any claim earlier
from any insurance company, then here you have to write the
company name, policy number and some acid
here, here you have to write the
details of the claim, whatever you have to
write here, you have to write the amount,
okay, claim amount like pre-
hospital  Charges post then post office
charges ambulance charges pre hospital
whatever is the date have to be written here
expenses from hospital health checkup cost ideal
okay and post here you have to
write okay and keep in mind you should have
original paper if you
write it wrong okay and if you do
not have proof then the claim can be rejected so that is why
you should write whatever
amount is there so that your claim gets passed 100%
okay and claim for domicile
hospital relation or day care extended
care in patient whatever it is, it is
given here in so nine if you have anything then you have to
tick here okay
if you have taken any hospital daily class
okay then you have to write here
whatever is the cost for critical you have to write all this
you have to write all this okay then details of amount
claim here give bill number, test amount
whatever it is there will be complete details here you
should have proof okay if you
write here and there then your claim will be
rejected and  You have to write the total claim amount
here and
you will need all these documents, please
read them once after pausing and
in Part C, the claim will come to you only in RTGS and NEFT mode,
so here you will have to
fill the part and here you will have to enter the
date, place and signature of the institute
and this part will also be
filled by the trading doctor or hospital, okay,
you can see all this, you do
not have to do anything in this, the doctor will fill all this
and in Part C, this is the
part, so here you have to write the name of the money, then
here you have to write the policy number, card
number,
previous and company name, whatever you have to write here,
then you have to write the claim number, then you have to give the mobile and
contact number, whatever it is,
okay and here you
can see it, self attested and then you will have to
give the first identity proof, okay, the person who is
making the claim, in whose name the insurance
is, you will have to give it
of any bank, then the bank address, tag copy and
passbook, IFSC code, you will have to
give all this, okay and here
You can see Prosper and policy
holder and employee name here you will have to
give the policy holder's bank account number
name of D bank branch name address
of D bank IFSC code this will be
found in the front page of your bank passbook okay
automatic condition is given if you
want to read all this you can read
then the account holder's signature will
be there here then in part D you will know your customer
here the customer's KYC will be there okay
if the claim is more than 1 lakh then
this part will have to be entered passenger number
card number id number group and company
name whatever it is you will have to fill here
claim number then mobile number
passport size photograph of D Phosphorus in
whose name the insurance is then van
photo copy of proof of identity of
Prosper okay then residence of
Prosper here you can see
what proofs you will have to give passport
PAN card voter ID driving license
you can give all these okay and in proof of
residence here you can see
electric bill ration card letter
recognized public authority all these  You guys please
check it once, okay, and you can see the proof of
identity and resistance here,
if you have a passport then you
can give it, then you can give all these details,
okay, and then
here will be the signature of the claimant who is making the claim and
here you have to fix the photo in whose
name the insurance is, so in this way you
can easily fill the ICC Lambaad's health
care claim form, so if the video is for you,
you can like, share, comment and
subscribe to my channel on Play Store, thank you.